01.Medical Unit I:
Facilities:ICU,60 beds of High Dependency Unit (HDU),Radiology,Pathology,Cardiology,Gastroenterology,Nephrology, Neurology and Pulmonology. 
Staff:
Prof. Dr. Ahmed Bilal(Professor/Head of Medicine)
Assis.Prof.Dr. Fraz Saeed Qureshi
Assis.Prof.Dr.Muhammad Owais Fazal
Assis.Prof.Dr. Ahmad Zeeshan Chughtai
Assis.Prof.Dr. Yasir Yaqoob
Assis.Prof.Dr. Hafiz Mughees Ather
Assis.Prof.Dr. Javed Iqbal
Assis.Prof.Dr. Ghulam Abbas Tahir

02.Medical Unit II:
Facilities: for different medical disorders in Outdoor Clinics and for Indoor admitted patients,diagnostic and therapeutic Endoscopic facilities for GI disorders.
Staff:
Prof. Dr. Aamir Shoukat(Professor/Head of Medicine Unit II)
Dr. Umair Ahmad
Assistant Professor
Dr.Muhammad Irfan
Assistant Professor
Dr. M. Yousaf Ayub
Senior Registrar
Dr. M. Shahzad Khan
Assistant Professor
Dr. Tamoor Ali
Senior Registrar
Dr. Noor Gul
Senior Registrar  
Dr. Maqsood Ahmad
Associate Professor

03.Medical Unit III:
Facilities:20 bedded dialysis unit providing hemodialysis facilities to more than 100 patients per day,providing upper and lower GI endoscopy and Bronchoscopy facilities for which all the post-graduates are being trained. The unit is 
also providing training facilities for doctors and paramedics of the Faisalabad division for prevention and management of dengue fever and other infectious diseases.
Staff: 
Professor Dr. Aamir Husain.(Head) 
Dr. Muhammad Adrees Shani
Assistant Professor 
Dr. Muhammad Aamer
Assistant Professor
Dr. Rai Arif
Assistant Professor
Dr. Salman Shakoor
Assistant Professor
Dr. Maroof Vaince
Assistant Professor

04.Department Of Pediatric:
Facilities:Pediatric Intensive Care Unit (PICU),Nephrology,Hematology,Gastroenterology,Endocrinology,Malnutrition,& Isolation.It is well equipped with a Central Oxygen
Supply,Incubators,Pulse Oximeters,Cardiac Monitors,Ventilators in Neonatal ICU (NICU) & phototherapy units. 
Prof. Dr. Hina Ayesha(Head)

05.Department Of Neurology:
Dr. Javed Iqbal (MCPS, FCPS), Head of Department 
Facilities:EEG, EMG & NCS.We examine and treat different neurological diseases and symptoms.Patients are admitted to inpatient care, for example, due to epileptic seizures, symptoms of the 
central and peripheral nervous system, intense headache, degenerative diseases of the nervous system and disturbances of the cerebral blood circulation.

06.Department Of Surgery-Surgical Unit I
Failities:Elective and emergency general surgical cases.Neck, Bariatic and Laparoscopic surgery.
Head:
prof. Dr. Zafar Ali Chaudry (FRCS, FCPS, Tamgha-e-Imtiaz)

07.Department Of Surgery-Surgical Unit II:
Head:Prof Dr. Muhammad Sajid Sheikh. 
Associate Prof Dr. Muhammad Akram 
Assistant Prof Dr. Sajid Rehman Randhawa Assistant 
Prof Dr. Muhammad Yaqoob Senior Registrar 
Dr. Bashir Gondal Senior Registrar 
Dr. Sofia Irfan Senior Registrar 
Facilities:laparoscopic nephrectomy, adrenalectomy, spleenectomy, hiatal hernia repair ,rectopexy 

08.Department Of ENT I:
Faicilities:Rhinoplasty,Endoscopic sinus surgery,Maxillectomy,Laryngectomy and Mastoid surgery in addition to routine ENT procedures
Staff:
Prof. Dr. Muhammad Saeed (Head of Department)
Dr. Babar Rafiq Khan FCPS (Associate Professor)
Dr. Sajjad Hyder FCPS (Assistant Professor)
Dr. Muhammad Taqi DLO (PMO)
Dr. Aslam Awan DLO (PMO)
Dr. Ihsan Ibrahim (Admin Registrar)
Dr. Syeda Jamila Ali Tirmizey (PGR)

09.Department Of Plastic Surgery:
Facilities:deals the burn cases  through resuscitation, wound care, reconstruction and rehabilitation phases,congenital,post ablative,post traumatic,post burn and various
other soft tissue and bony defects,maxillofacial surgery,micro vascular surgery.

10.Department Of Ophthalmology:
Prof. Dr. Muhammad Nawaz Malik(Head)
Facilities: Digital Slit-Lamp Microscopy,Auto-Refractometry,Automated Visual Field Perimetry,A-Scan,B-Scan,Keratometery,Corneal topography,Fundus Fluorescein 
Angiography,Fundus Photography,Yag Laser and Argon Laser,OCT,EOG,ERG,Pattern ERG,multifocal ERG and VEP.Surgical techniques of Phaco- Emulsification and Vitreo-Retinal 
surgery, Glaucoma surgery, orbital and oculoplastic surgical procedures.A special Low Vision Aids Clinic has been established to help the patients with irreversible 
visual loss.

11.Department Of Gynaecology & Obstetrics Unit:
Prof. Dr. Sumera Tahir(head)
Naureen Javed and Dr. Saadia Saleem are Assistant Professors, 
Dr. Shagufta Noor is Senior Registrar 
Facilities:Labour Ward,Admission Room,Stage-I,Eclampsia Room & Recovery.There are three delivery rooms equipped with central O2 supply and suction facilities. 
For fetal surveillance, CTG and ultrasound machines are available.There are four operation theatres with all the facilities of pulse oximetry, central O2 and nitrous 
supply There are two laparoscopes for diagnostic and operative laparoscopy.There is one hysteroscope and one colposcope.The unit covers emergency and outdoor on
alternative days.
